# Metaeducation Projects

Sections: [software](#software-and-ict-projects),
[metarhia](#metarhia-techstack-and-infrastructure), [production](#production),
[services](#services), [supply](#supply)

# Software and ICT Projects

## [Metahealth](https://github.com/meta-edu/Metahealth)

An open-source MIS (medical information system) covers digital patient cards and
medical history, diagnoses and prescriptions, analyzes and other examination. It
can be used for clinics or individual specialists. Patient can collect and
arrange access rights for medical info to specialists, can send temporary access
to certain data chunks by URLs with security tokens. MIS provides shared API for
integration with third-party systems, will not be open for modifications and
forks, as well as free for all parties. But Metarhia will provide payed support,
consulting and adaptation services as a separate custom software development
projects.

## [Metaclass](https://github.com/meta-edu/Metaclass)

Information system for Metarhia educational programs. Implements the knowledge
tracking, personal professional profile and skill set, educational events
calendar and budgeting, recording results of examinations and certification,
tooling for interaction in groups and project activities.

## [Metalocal](https://github.com/metarhia/Metalocal)

Complex solution for smart local area, township, housing, city, other dwelling
locations. Metalocal includes digital map of local area: services and busineses,
communication and booking, reference information, people self-organizing,
surveys, payments, social activities, governance, solving problems, etc.

## [Chronotope](https://github.com/meta-edu/Chronotope)

Time and resource planning and management system.

# Metarhia techstack and infrastructure

## [Metarhia](https://github.com/metarhia)

Technology stack and for secure and lightweight private clouds, high-intensive
network applications and distributed systems. Metarhia includes: Impress
Application Server, metavm (script loader with vm isolation for node.js),
metalog, metacom (communication protocol for Metarhia stack with rpc, events,
and binary streams), metarhiaconfiguration, metaschema (metadata schema and
interface definition language), metawatch, metasql, metautils, metadomain,
metatests, etc.

## [Metanet](https://github.com/metarhia/Metanet)

Distributed network for communication and messaging, file transfer and storage,
persistent and reliable content and data publishing, version control, social
communications, voice and video conferences, discussions, etc. Provides simple
and secure fundamentals for Metarhia community and Educational programs.

## Metaforms

User interface framework with following functionality: components, forms,
surveys, grids and trees, browsing datasets, insert, delete, and edit entities,
check rights, prepare printing, internationalization, hints and validation,
design system.

## [Metapay](https://github.com/metarhia/Metapay)

Internal payments subsystem and incoming/outgoing payment gateway for all
Metarhia projects. It is deeply integrated with the subsystem of accounts and
rights, provides security and a journal with the history of the movement of
funds.

## [Metarhia accounts](https://github.com/metarhia/Accounts)

User accounts, contacts, permissions and authentication subsystem for all
Metarhia projects. It contains database structure for holding needed data, and
security journal, code for account registration, identification, sign in and
recovery accounts, n-factor authentication, biometry, etc.

## [Metafleet](https://github.com/Metaserverless/Metafleet)

Metarhia cloud fleet manager for resource monitoring, health checks, add and
remove servers, install and uninstall applications, load balancing, admin
notifications, problem detection, journal viewer, backup and restore, editing
and applying configuration, setup integrations.

## [Metarhia Infrastructure](https://github.com/metarhia/Infrastructure)

Production, staging and development environment setup and best practices.

# Production

# Services

# Supply
